guest tonight is a super talented
superhero who by day helps run his
family Charitable Foundation
the brothers trust he is social
distancing all the way from a place
called England please say hello to Tom
Holland hi Tom Jimmy nice to see you
mate
thanks for doing this tell us about your
living situation right now I am in
London I'm living with all my pals and
normally when we do your show we have a
live audience and yes we can't obviously
have a live audience now on their online
I actually have my now just to be clear
these guys have been with you for how
long together maybe four years no no I
you know together I mean as far as in
the quarantine the quality we've been on
lockdown in London for about a months
yeah and how are you getting along are
there any issues that need to be worked
out not really cuz you're all drunk all
the time so we can't really complain we
have a lovely outdoor space and the
weather in London has been really nice
so we're we're doing fine we're all
we're all good where we can't complain
are you getting things done is it at all
productive I mean it's been a little bit
productive I mean Harry and I have been
working on the script that we've been
writing together so we've done some
really good work on that we've sent out
yesterday to the first bunch of
producers which is actually more
nerve-wracking than anything I've ever
done in my career because I'm worried
that they're going to actually find out
that I'm really stupid and I can't spell
anything but but we were doing that I've
been playing a lot of PlayStation and
watching a lot of films and catching up
on film history and and like I said
drinking a lot I actually said this
weekend that I was gonna stop drinking
for a week I was gonna have a week off
and then literally Monday morning I've
got my own prop Ryan Reynolds sent me a
case of gin
alpha with me literally literally this
morning not drinking the whole week I'm
not drinking at all and then literally
the doorbell rang and there was there
was a case of gin from lovely Ryan so I
think that's trying to corrupt
spider-man as what's going on here it
says here on the box it says some
friendly neighborhood spider gin love
Ryan if I'm wrong correct me but I
believe you were supposed to start
shooting spider-man in July is that
still the plan I'm not too sure I'm not
too sure I was I was in Berlin making a
film called uncharted with Mark Wahlberg
and we were all ready to go we went to
set for day one shooting and then we got
shut down and we all got sent home so
whether we shoot that movie first or we
shoot spider-man first I'm unclear but
but I don't know but both movies are
being made and they're both really
strong in the scripts of fantastic so
whatever happens happens but I'm ready
to play both I mean I played spider-man
enough now I could play him tomorrow so
it's ready to go I'm speaking with Thor
tomorrow and I was wondering if you've
been video chatting with your fellow
Avengers the other day we were doing a
peloton class together we've been trying
to get on the same bike and train
together we've also been doing these pub
quizzes these massive pub quizzes where
we've done one with the cherry crews so
the Russo brothers have been involved
and basically the winner of the pub quiz
has to design the quiz for the following
week okay I by some miracle won last
week and had to do it this week but the
problem is with the quizzes you need to
know the answers to the questions you're
asking people right and if you don't
then it doesn't really work
and basically what loads of my questions
I got the answers wrong that I thought
was right so it's asking all these
people questions and the answer is
servants over and people like know my
one of my questions was who was the
second president a really big fan of
Hamilton Oh obviously not that big
enough of a fan though I thought Thomas
Jefferson was the second president but
that's not true at all
so I look and then I've been I actually
FaceTime
a couple days ago and he was in
the boss ah interesting huh how romantic
now you are gonna do this quiz as part
of your your charitable foundation that
you guys your family has put together
that's the plan is to is to make this a
big online quiz to raise money we the
brothers Trust is a fundraising vehicle
that we use to raise money from the
general public to to feed towards
charities that we think need the light
and the support but we felt a little bit
uncomfortable asking people for money at
this difficult time so we as a
collective have been doing the donations
the reason why we're doing the pub quiz
is to just galvanize people and to give
people a sense of community and to kind
of bring people together and just have a
laugh and have a good time that's
essentially what we're trying to do you
can go to the brothers trust dot org to
learn more about that now Tom speaking
of uncomfortable I have a favor to ask
of you and that is this go ahead my son
Billy turns 3 years old today we watch
ok both of your spider-man movies over
and over and over again and we promised
him that Spiderman would the real
spider-man would come to his party now
of course we're just gonna hire a guy in
a in a suit but now nobody's coming to
his party his party is just us and I was
wondering if you'd say hello to him I
can't guarantee you he's gonna register
but would you mind absolutely no trouble
at all yeah great
all right let's take a break we'll come
back and Tom Holland is with us we'll
surprise my son Billy - welcome back to
Jimmy Kimmel Live from my house these
are my kids Jane and Billy Billy is
today your birthday Spidey
I mean Spidey this is spider-man he's
wearing a Spiderman how old are you
today Spidey who did we 20 you're not 20
hey you're not 20 who did I say was
gonna come to your birthday party who
did we say who's gonna come to your
birthday party
Spidey the real spider-man I want you to
say hi to somebody all right let's see
who's on the screen does that guy look
familiar to you is
that spike let me take this off so I can
see you better hold on let's see hey
Billy how you doing Wow can you believe
I am is Peter Parker I live in Queens
New York where do you live you know we
left California Jane did he what did you
say about Peter Parker's face yeah it's
cute face he she said you have a cute
face thank you so much I appreciate that
that's very kind of you
well we were about to sing happy
birthday to Billy are you gonna help us
with that okay should we do that happy
[Music]
Thank You spider-man see thanks to
spider-man Thanks we'll be right back